Old thing I tell you
I asked you to pay my daughter 100,000 dollars
Take it out for me.
Otherwise, you can't blame us for being ruthless
I want money
You arrange for me to eat
Really right.
No money, I heard
I made millions betting on the wind
Okay, I'll tell you.
You have to give me half of the money, right?
Must be divided in half
Oh no, I still have 1 million
Yes 1 million
How about so many?
This balance is not enough for me to eat
Mom, what are you doing?
Why did you make so much money?
Why don't you pour half of our blood?
Why?
I told you that I have divorced Bai Xuejiao
Even if I make millions
It has nothing to do with your family.
Even if you make millions betting on football
It's just your luck.
I'll tell you what.
I am the property of the Commercial Savings Bank
Just a word from me
You can't get a penny
When?
A small branch president
Dare to threaten customers
Who gave you the courage?
Colleague, why didn't I find it in our line?
There is such a beautiful woman
Hahaha
Girl my daughter's boyfriend
Liu Yaoyang
But you call me a big customer.
If you offend us
I'm afraid I have to stay at work